sc_req
The product shall be able to handle up to 1500 simultaneous users. The system shall perform with 1500 users as a time.
The average number of recycled parts records per day shall be 50 000.
The product shall be able to handle 10 000 concurrent users within 2 years of the initial launch.
The product shall be capable of handling up to 1 000 concurrent requests.  This number will increase to 2 000 by Release 2.  The concurrency capacity must be able to handle peak scheduling times such as early morning and late afternoon hours.
The product shall be able to process 10 000 transactions per hour within two years of its launch.  This number will increase to 20 000 by Release 2.
The product shall be expected to operate for at least 5 years for each customer installation.
The language of the product shall accommodate all of the target market countries. 90% of survey respondents from each target market country will find that the language of the product is acceptable.
The streaming server will support 50 simultaneous streaming connections.
The streaming server will support a maximum of 700 movies; new servers can be added to support more movies.
The server will support a maximum of 1 000 simultaneous users.
The website shall be capable of supporting 100 000 customers.
The product shall be able to process all transactions.The product shall process minimum of 1 million transactions per year.
The WCS system shall have the ability to connect other designated WCS databases currently not included in the system.
The WCS system shall have the ability to include data for regions outside the United States and be accessed by users outside of the United States if approved by CCR management.
The product shall be able to support multiple remote users
The product shall be able support 1000 simultaneous users.
The product shall be capable of handling the existing 1000 users. This number is expected to grow 5 times within the next year.
system shall be able to handle all of the user requests/usage during business hours.
The system shall cater to 10 simultaneous users from 9am to 5pm.
The system shall be capable of processing 100% of nursing students and their classes for the next 10 years.
The system shall be expected to manage the nursing program curriculum and class/clinical scheduling for a minimum of 5 years.
